[Upbeat jazzy music]
¶ ¶
>> he's TV's very own Mr. magic,
Jonathan Ross.
>> Thank you.
Hello, everyone,
hello, everyone,
and welcome to  penn & teller:
And welcome to  penn & teller:
Fool us, where magical
fool us, where magical
talents attempt
to fool two magicians who have
held us entranced for 35 years.
Held us entranced for 35 years.
From Vegas with tricks,
from Vegas with tricks,
which sounds like a low-budget
bond movie, doesn't it?
Bond movie, doesn't it?
Please welcome penn and teller.
Mr. teller,
nice to see you again.
Nice to see you again.
Mr. penn,
nice to see you again.
Nice to see you again.
We've been having just
we've been having just
a great time here.
A great time here.
I know, you know, it's not
just showbiz talking there.
Just showbiz talking there.
That's the truth.
We've been loving
we've been loving
seeing these acts.
Seeing these acts.
>> Yes.
>> You have been, I think,
>> you have been, I think,
surprised by just the quality
and the inventiveness
of what we've seen.
Of what we've seen.
>> Well, you know, we knew
>> well, you know, we knew
there'd be good magic
in the u.K.
In the u.K.
We didn't know it would
we didn't know it would
be this good.
Be this good.
[Laughs]
>> Yeah.
>> It's really great.
>> You look forward to be fooled
>> you look forward to be fooled
as well, don't you?
As well, don't you?
>> We do, we want to be fooled,
>> we do, we want to be fooled,
but we also want to show that we
can figure out a few of them.
Can figure out a few of them.
>> Yeah, I think--
>> yeah, I think--
tonight I think we're gonna see
a little bit of both.
A little bit of both.
Let's find out.
If you'd take a seat, gentlemen.
>> Okay. Take our seats.
>> Penn and teller,
>> penn and teller,
ladies and gentlemen.
Ladies and gentlemen.
>> Fool us.
>> Okay, as always,
I promise the audience here
and you at home some great acts,
and we can deliver.
And we can deliver.
It's time to get on
it's time to get on
with the show.
With the show.
Let's meet our first
let's meet our first
wannabe fooler.
Wannabe fooler.
>> Brynolf and ljung.
>> I'm Jonas.
>> I'm Peter.
>> We're from Stockholm, Sweden.
I really like a hat.
We are very well-known
we are very well-known
in Sweden.
In Sweden.
Can I have one of these?
Peter.
>> By who?
>> If I would describe Peter,
>> if I would describe Peter,
he's maybe not the
sharpest knife in the drawer.
Sharpest knife in the drawer.
>> Boo.
Jonas is--
the right term might
be psychotic.
Be psychotic.
Whoo-hoo.
>> The trick we
>> the trick we
will be performing to try
to fool penn and teller
is the world's most
difficult card trick,
or at least,
that's what we call it.
That's what we call it.
Well, we finish them. Okay?
>> Great, I've been waiting
>> great, I've been waiting
for this for a long time.
For this for a long time.
Oh!
>> They might sound like
an anagram,
but they are, in fact,
Sweden's finest magic act.
Please welcome brynolf
please welcome brynolf
and ljung.
And ljung.
>> Hello, I'm Jonas,
>> hello, I'm Jonas,
and this is Peter.
And this is Peter.
>> It's time for the world's
>> it's time for the world's
most difficult card trick,
and some of you might wonder,
"what makes this
trick the world's most
difficult card trick?"
Difficult card trick?"
>> And a simple,
>> and a simple,
but yet brilliant answer
is duct tape.
Is duct tape.
By taping Peter's head,
thereby blocking most
of Peter's senses,
we make it almost impossible
for him
to find the card that you, Mr.
To find the card that you, Mr.
teller, will select in a moment.
Teller, will select in a moment.
Ladies and gentlemen,
ladies and gentlemen,
this is entertainment.
I brought a deck of cards,
and I would like you
to select one,
preferably a red because
we're gonna write on it,
and I brought a pen as well.
Please write your signature
please write your signature
across the face of the card.
Across the face of the card.
You know, in Sweden,
you know, in Sweden,
I could probably
trade that autograph
for a farm.
Put it back.
Now, because of the signature,
now, because of the signature,
this card is unique.
This card is unique.
There's only one card
there's only one card
in the world right now
that looks exactly like this.
That looks exactly like this.
I need a number as well, a
number between 5 and 15.
Number between 5 and 15.
>> 11.
That's a great number.
>> Thank you.
>> Okay, Peter,
>> okay, Peter,
today's number is 11, okay?
Are you ready, Peter?
Let's go.
Now, despite all the tape
now, despite all the tape
covering Peter's head,
he will use his amazing
sleight of hand abilities
to locate your card,
shuffle it around a bit,
and place it on the 11th
position counting from the top.
One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine, ten,
eleven.
Eleven.
Ladies and gentlemen,
ladies and gentlemen,
the world's most
difficult card trick.
Now, because the world's most
difficult card trick, so we--
you can't succeed it once.
You can't succeed it once.
You have to--like,
you have to--like,
we build suspense.
We build suspense.
This is basically how we do it,
this is basically how we do it,
so a new number between
5 and 15.
>> Six.
That's a great number. Peter.
>> Thank you.
>> You missed it slightly.
Okay, so six is the new number.
Okay, go ahead, Peter.
One, two, three, four,
one, two, three, four,
five--approximately.
Five--approximately.
Six. Whoo!
I don't have
a good feeling about this.
A good feeling about this.
The world's most difficult card
the world's most difficult card
trick.
Trick.
We build suspense again
we build suspense again
and again.
And again.
[Chuckles]
You know, now, it's written
you know, now, it's written
if you would fail like this,
this would
be totally appropriate.
Be totally appropriate.
Okay, so we need a new number
okay, so we need a new number
would be, like, boring.
Would be, like, boring.
That's improvised.
I mean, this is how we
do it all the time.
A staple gun.
Okay, so here's the plan.
I will spring the cards up
in the air,
Peter will fire one staple that
will hit your card so
it falls down center stage.
It falls down center stage.
Ladies and gentlemen, the
ladies and gentlemen, the
world's most difficult
card trick.
Card trick.
Are you ready? Are you ready?
Let's go!
Whoo!
[Cheers and applause]
Now here comes
the interesting part.
The interesting part.
Keep your eyes on Peter.
A pair of scissors.
The first thing we did was
the first thing we did was
to tape Peter's head.
To tape Peter's head.
After that, you selected a card,
after that, you selected a card,
which you signed, which
means that there's only one card
in the world that
looks like that.
Looks like that.
I think that Peter has something
in his mouth neatly folded
four times.
Four times.
Now,
now,
if this is really your card,
then it's a pretty good trick.
Then it's a pretty good trick.
Yes or no,
yes or no,
is this teller's card?
Is this teller's card?
>> Sure looks that way.
>> Yeah.
[Cheers and applause]
>> That was fabulous.
Does the tape hurt around
does the tape hurt around
your face?
Your face?
Because there's still a big
because there's still a big
mark across the top.
Mark across the top.
>> Yeah.
You can try.
>> I'd rather not.
>> You see this?
>> Oh, yeah.
Oh, there's a big chunk
oh, there's a big chunk
of hair on there.
Of hair on there.
>> Yeah, did you see this one?
>> Yeah.
>> Sorry.
>> You can't do this act
>> you can't do this act
for too long.
For too long.
You'll--
you'll--
let's see how the fellas
are doing.
Are doing.
Penn and teller, fabulous act.
Hugely entertaining.
I'm sure you enjoyed it.
>> Oh, such a fabulous act.
I believe if we were younger,
better looking,
and lived in Sweden,
this would be us.
This would be us.
[Laughter]
>> Has penn and teller's stuff
ever been shown in Sweden?
Ever been shown in Sweden?
You've ever seen us work?
>> Yes.
>> Yes. We grew up with it.
>> Then maybe I could explain
>> then maybe I could explain
this to you
in ways that you'll understand.
In ways that you'll understand.
The fake reveal
the fake reveal
was something that we--
a very nice version
of something we did
a couple of times
on the David letterman show,
and the final thing
you did at the end we once did
that same folded card
and switching thing,
which I bet you didn't see,
but I said the important word,
which is a switch there.
Which is a switch there.
I will just say maybe this
will give you enough because
I love this act so much...
>> Yeah.
>> That I really don't want
>> that I really don't want
to tip you because you
should be doing this forever.
Should be doing this forever.
>> So you're kind of feeling
>> so you're kind of feeling
quite comfortable now,
quite happy about your--
the work you've
done so far on this?
Done so far on this?
Did you do a card switch?
>> No, not at all.
>> No.
[Audience gasping]
>> Whoo!
>> Let's enjoy this moment,
>> let's enjoy this moment,
and let's ask Mr. penn,
who was looking so happy
and pleased with himself
just 30 seconds ago--
did you see that?
Did you see that?
They were sitting back
they were sitting back
in the chair.
In the chair.
"We did that on this,
"we did that on this,
we did that on this.
We did that on this.
Well, I did this on that.
Did you see this?"
But they didn't, did they?
>> No, they didn't.
>> So let's hear
>> so let's hear
what penn has to say now.
What penn has to say now.
>> I'm even happier now
than I was before because we
love these guys,
we want them in Vegas,
and they fooled us.
And they fooled us.
>> Yeah!
>> Whoo!
>> Going to Vegas--brynolf
and ljung, ladies and gentlemen.
And ljung, ladies and gentlemen.
They're two young men heading
they're two young men heading
out with a spring in their step.
Out with a spring in their step.
I enjoyed that so much
because I knew--
"I think he's gonna say,
'switch', he's gonna, say,
'switch', and he said,
'a switch.'"
All right,
all right,
it's time our first break,
but make sure you come back,
as we've got plenty more foolers
ready to take on Mr. penn
and Mr. teller, and good luck
to all of them.
To all of them.
Don't go away.
>> Welcome back to  fool us,
where the best current
magicians perform to try
and win a spot in Vegas by
fooling penn and teller.
Fooling penn and teller.
So let's meet
so let's meet
our next contender.
Our next contender.
>> Colin mcleod.
>> My name is Colin mcleod.
I am a mentalist from Scotland.
You know, a number of newspapers
have referred to me as being the
Sherlock Holmes of the mind.
I mean,
I think the real interest
in Sherlock Holmes came
from childhood,
really, of getting the books
and reading them and just being
fascinated with this guy
who could look someone up
and down,
and just from their appearance,
know essentially everything
about them.
About them.
I actually studied
forensic investigation
at university in Glasgow,
but I specialize more
in criminal profiling.
In criminal profiling.
I'm now taking that real
psychology and applying that
to the entertainment aspect.
To the entertainment aspect.
I really feel that I
can bring both together
to create something quite unique
and different,
and the routine that I'm
gonna perform this evening
is to hopefully
give the audience the experience
of being the closest thing
to real mind reading that
they'll ever see.
>> Let me just
explain something here.
Explain something here.
He claims that he can read
he claims that he can read
our audience's minds, okay?
Our audience's minds, okay?
And looking at you,
and looking at you,
I don't want to be rude,
but I hope he's brought
a magazine along because it
ain't gonna take long, is it?
Ain't gonna take long, is it?
Will you please welcome
will you please welcome
Mr. Colin mcleod?
>> Hi. Good evening.
Thank you very much.
All right, before I start,
all right, before I start,
I think it's only right
that I tell you there are
three techniques that I'm using
to create the illusion I'm gonna
do tonight.
Do tonight.
First of all, I'm not from here.
I'm from a place
in Scotland called harthill.
In Scotland called harthill.
It's very boring. There's cows.
>> Whoo!
>> Thank you.
Not even my family.
But there are lots of cows,
but there are lots of cows,
and they poo a lot.
And they poo a lot.
So I left there very quickly.
I went to whitburn academy,
where I started
learning stage hypnosis.
Learning stage hypnosis.
Then I went to university
then I went to university
in Glasgow where
I studied profiling.
So basically,
so basically,
the three skills I'm using
are psychology, suggestion,
and bull[Bleep], and it really
is a mixture of them that
you're about to witness.
You're about to witness.
In fact, tonight,
in fact, tonight,
for this demonstration,
there's two things that you need
to know, are very important.
To know, are very important.
First of all,
first of all,
we're gonna choose someone
at random by throwing out a hat.
At random by throwing out a hat.
We'll come to that in a second.
But secondly, this envelope.
This envelope is crucial
this envelope is crucial
to what's about to take place.
To what's about to take place.
Actually, penn,
actually, penn,
instead of me choosing someone
with a hat, to make it
even fairer, would you please
mind choosing someone that
you think this would work
quite well with?
Quite well with?
>> Okay, let me see
>> okay, let me see
who I can get.
Who I can get.
Well,
well,
how about the gentleman here
in the kind of white shirt
and the baseball hat?
And the baseball hat?
He's right there in the front.
>> Hi,
>> hi,
and what's your name, sir?
And what's your name, sir?
>> Kenny.
>> Kenny, are you
happy to help here?
Happy to help here?
>> Yes, absolutely.
>> Then, Kenny, please come up.
Give Kenny a round
give Kenny a round
of applause for--
stand right in that dot
for me, Kenny.
For me, Kenny.
Kenny, can I just have you face
the front just slightly more?
The front just slightly more?
Kenny, be honest.
Would you say that
would you say that
you have a good imagination?
You have a good imagination?
>> Yeah. Yeah, pretty good.
>> Okay, you thought about that,
>> okay, you thought about that,
but that's okay, okay.
But that's okay, okay.
Kenny, let's imagine--you see
behind us we have bookcases.
Behind us we have bookcases.
I want you
to imagine for me, Kenny,
that you walk into a bookshop,
you open up the doors,
and there's books
on either side of the bookshop.
On either side of the bookshop.
Now, be honest, would
now, be honest, would
you pick a book up from this
side or from over--where would
you pick the book from?
You pick the book from?
>> This side.
>> Okay, you pick up the book,
>> okay, you pick up the book,
you look at it.
You look at it.
Now, you're gonna have
now, you're gonna have
to imagine this.
To imagine this.
Just look there,
just look there,
tell us what's the book called?
Tell us what's the book called?
Make it up.
>>  The memoirs of penn
>>  the memoirs of penn
and teller.
And teller.
>> You said you had
>> you said you had
a good imagination.
A good imagination.
Let us imagine you
let us imagine you
flip through the book,
and you stop on one page.
And you stop on one page.
Look there, tell us what page
look there, tell us what page
number do you actually stop on?
Number do you actually stop on?
Just look right there.
It's up to you.
>> 18.
>> Do you want
>> do you want
to change your mind?
To change your mind?
Are you happy with 18?
>> I'm happy with 18.
>> Okay, I want you to look
>> okay, I want you to look
there right now and just think
of one word that you can see.
Of one word that you can see.
You can change your mind,
you can change your mind,
if you like,
but get one word in your head.
But get one word in your head.
Tell me when you've got one.
Don't say it, but just--
don't say it, but just--
>> okay.
>> Okay.
>> You got a word in mind?
>> Yeah.
>> You shut the book, then it
>> you shut the book, then it
goes back up on the shelf,
the book is gone.
The book is gone.
Now, Kenny,
now, Kenny,
I'm not gonna read your mind.
They are.
The only clue that
the only clue that
I want you to give them,
Kenny, is, first of all,
can you count the number
of letters in this word?
Of letters in this word?
Is it quite a long word?
Is it more than six letters?
>> No.
>> Okay, can you please tell
>> okay, can you please tell
everyone right now then how many
letters are in the word?
Letters are in the word?
>> Five.
Okay, Kenny, I don't want
okay, Kenny, I don't want
you to see the bit
of paper that I've got here.
Of paper that I've got here.
Can you just look the other way
can you just look the other way
for me...
For me...
>> Okay.
>> Just so that you don't see.
I'm gonna show you
the word that I'm hoping Kenny
right now is thinking of.
Right now is thinking of.
Kenny, just keep your
eyes closed, as well, for me.
Eyes closed, as well, for me.
That would be lovely.
So, Kenny,
so, Kenny,
can you please look back around.
Can you please look back around.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Kenny, be absolutely honest.
Tell us in your nicest,
tell us in your nicest,
clearest public speaking voice
what word were you thinking of?
What word were you thinking of?
>> Brick.
>> Say that again. Sorry.
>> Did you at any point
>> did you at any point
in there think of the word house
and change your mind?
And change your mind?
>> No.
That'd have been cool,
that'd have been cool,
though, wouldn't it?
Though, wouldn't it?
The word you thought of,
the word you thought of,
say that again, sorry, Kenny.
Say that again, sorry, Kenny.
>> Brick.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, brick.
Kenny, thank you very,
very much.
Very much.
That's for you.
>> Thank you very much.
>> Okay, one more thing.
Sorry. One more thing.
The reason I did ask penn
the reason I did ask penn
to choose someone this evening
is I didn't want to
actually just throw out the hat.
Actually just throw out the hat.
I tend
to find it's quite painful,
especially
when you're thinking of a brick.
When you're thinking of a brick.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
[Cheers and applause]
>> That was quite splendid.
That was quite splendid.
Awesome. Great stuff.
I'm sure you're
wanting us to think that you
had gone the wrong way,
and you'd made a mistake
in their head there.
In their head there.
I'm not quite sure how
you do it,
but let's just check something,
and make sure everyone knows
you didn't know Kenny,
you hadn't met Kenny?
You hadn't met Kenny?
>> Never met Kenny before
>> never met Kenny before
in my life,
but thank you, Kenny,
for helping.
For helping.
>> Because he was
>> because he was
chosen by random by penn,
so there's no way you
could have influenced that.
Could have influenced that.
I'm dying to ask you how
you did it.
You did it.
I know you're not gonna tell me.
It might well be
it might well be
you have a good chance.
You have a good chance.
Do you feel confident?
Do you think you're gonna
do you think you're gonna
be going to Vegas?
Be going to Vegas?
>> You know, it's really not
>> you know, it's really not
about me trying to fool them.
About me trying to fool them.
As long as I entertained them
as long as I entertained them
and entertained everyone here,
that's really been
my goal tonight.
My goal tonight.
>> Well, I think the answer is,
>> well, I think the answer is,
you've certainly achieved
that because it was great.
That because it was great.
They look ready.
They look ready to talk.
Penn, over to you.
>> It was great,
>> it was great,
and, you know, we have
studied a bit of mentalism.
Studied a bit of mentalism.
>> Yeah.
>> So I'm telling you
>> so I'm telling you
we were burning here
from the moment, we were ready
for all sorts
of things you didn't use,
and you led us down
a few garden paths,
and I also think, once again,
you know, we don't like
to ruin magic too much.
To ruin magic too much.
>> Yeah.
>> So I'm gonna ask
>> so I'm gonna ask
the fella from the audience
if your imagination,
when you were just
imagining this big library
of books, and you're
imagining opening up the book,
and you were imagining looking
at the word,
and that word was being formed
in your head,
and you were getting it
so clearly in your head,
was his pantomime so good that
you felt it was helping you
with your imagination?
With your imagination?
>> Yes.
>> Really good, wasn't it?
>> It was fantastic.
>> It was great, and I would
>> it was great, and I would
like to leave it at that.
Like to leave it at that.
You did a wonderful job at
you did a wonderful job at
pantomiming the book.
Pantomiming the book.
>> So are you convinced that
>> so are you convinced that
penn and teller know what
they're talking about here?
They're talking about here?
>> I think--I do want
to point out that it wasn't,
if I can say the term,
instant stooge.
Instant stooge.
>> No, no, no, no, not at all.
>> I would like to point out
I don't know what any
of that means,
but I'd like to seem as smart
as Colin here.
As Colin here.
>> Getting him
>> getting him
to imagine that word,
I believe, is the trick there.
>> Penn--teller's doing--
>> penn--teller's doing--
>> yes.
>> Yes.
Okay.
>> Teller just did
>> teller just did
a secret sign.
A secret sign.
Either they're animations, or
either they're animations, or
he knows exactly what you did.
He knows exactly what you did.
Colin, it was a great--and
we loved seeing it, didn't we?
We loved seeing it, didn't we?
>> It was great.
>> We loved seeing it.
You fooled all of us,
you fooled all of us,
but you didn't fool the pros.
But you didn't fool the pros.
>> We loved the trick,
>> we loved the trick,
but we were not fooled,
but thank you so much.
But thank you so much.
It was great, though.
>> Colin mcleod,
ladies and gentlemen.
Ladies and gentlemen.
>> Thank you very much.
>> That was great, I thought--
>> that was great, I thought--
well done. Congratulations.
Well done. Congratulations.
Colin mcleod.
>> Welcome back to  fool us
with a chance to perform
in Vegas with penn and teller,
an offer to any magician who
can come on and fool them.
Can come on and fool them.
Let's get straight
let's get straight
on with meeting our next act.
On with meeting our next act.
>> Keelan leyser
>> keelan leyser
and Charlotte Marie.
And Charlotte Marie.
>> My name's keelan.
>> And I'm Charlotte.
>> And we're a quick-change act.
I started magic at the age
of four, and I've
been doing it ever since.
Been doing it ever since.
>> I've been dancing since
the age of four,
and keelan started
socially dancing later in life.
Socially dancing later in life.
We met
we met
and were dancing together
and then pretty much
started working
on the act straight away.
On the act straight away.
>> We perform our act
>> we perform our act
literally all over the world.
Literally all over the world.
In the last few years, we
in the last few years, we
performed in over 45 countries.
Performed in over 45 countries.
>> It's fascinating for
>> it's fascinating for
us to watch, as entertainers,
how different cultures react.
How different cultures react.
We find it quite tough
we find it quite tough
having two full-time jobs,
but just recently got
a new little helper.
A new little helper.
Keelan and I have
keelan and I have
a very good relationship.
A very good relationship.
We're not only
we're not only
business partners.
Business partners.
We also are together
we also are together
as a couple, which makes working
a pleasure.
A pleasure.
If we fool penn and teller,
if we fool penn and teller,
we would get married in Vegas.
We would get married in Vegas.
Who knows. Possibly.
If the Rio has a space.
>> Please welcome
the fabulous keelan leyser
and Charlotte Marie.
And Charlotte Marie.
[Big band music]
¶ ¶
[cheers and applause]
[Upbeat dance music]
¶ ¶
[robotic sounds]
[Indistinct electronic singing]
¶ ¶
[Upbeat music]
[cheers and applause]
[Hip-hop dance music]
¶ ¶
>> ¶ if you want to dance ¶
¶ with me ¶
¶ gotta make my body rock ¶
¶ 'cause I'm hot ¶
¶ tell me ¶
¶ do you feel the beat? ¶
¶ only really got one shot ¶
¶ 'cause I'm hot ¶
¶ hot ¶
[Lively piano music]
¶ ¶
[rock music]
[Cheers and applause]
¶ ¶
[cheers and applause]
[Upbeat music]
¶ ¶
[cheers and applause]
>> Weren't they great?
Keelan leyser and Charlotte
keelan leyser and Charlotte
Marie, ladies and gentlemen.
That was fabulous.
Congratulations.
Really great fun.
Let me give you that,
let me give you that,
so we can hear what you say.
So we can hear what you say.
Come center stage with me here.
That was terrific, and,
that was terrific, and,
you know, of course, I'm sure
you've heard this before,
but you would be, like, most
men's dream woman because
if I my wife could get
dressed that quickly when
we're going out, I would have
about another ten years back.
About another ten years back.
You know what I particularly
you know what I particularly
liked was, it's nice to see
the robot back
on TV, which was--
you know,
I can bust a move myself.
No, I'm talking about busting
no, I'm talking about busting
it.
It.
Yes.
Okay,
okay,
penn, teller, wakie, wakie.
Penn, teller, wakie, wakie.
Fabulous act.
I'm sure you agree.
>> A fabulous act,
>> a fabulous act,
and quick-change acts
have been around
for a long time,
and they're always,
always wonderful,
and teller and I saw
the umbrella over there full
of glitter and said, "oh, boy,
they're doing that bit."
They're doing that bit."
Quick change is
quick change is
not really designed to mystify.
Not really designed to mystify.
It's designed to amaze,
it's designed to amaze,
and that you did beautifully,
and the only--the thing that
you have to notice,
and I
think everybody noticed this,
is you got so much slimmer
as the show went on.
As the show went on.
You came out very attractive
you came out very attractive
and then got more attractive
and slimmer as it went on,
and it did amaze, even though it
did not actually fool us.
Did not actually fool us.
>> Is that the nail on the head
>> is that the nail on the head
right there, do you feel?
Right there, do you feel?
>> That is enough for me
>> that is enough for me
to bow down to two great guys.
To bow down to two great guys.
Thank you so much.
>> Keelan and Charlotte,
>> keelan and Charlotte,
ladies and gentlemen.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Great performance.
Well done, thank you so much,
well done, thank you so much,
and you--presumably,
penn, you have a lot
of layers on right now.
Of layers on right now.
As well, do you?
>> Yes, well, I could go up,
>> yes, well, I could go up,
and I can actually do
140 quick changes from
what I am now,
and still not get down
to your size.
To your size.
>> I've got a couple of extra
pants on as well, don't worry.
Pants on as well, don't worry.
Okay, it's time
okay, it's time
for another break,
but please don't go away because
we've got plenty more foolers
ready to take
on the mighty penn and teller.
On the mighty penn and teller.
See you in a couple of minutes.
>> Welcome back to the show
where the best magicians try
to go to Vegas by fooling penn
and teller.
And teller.
You're now fully briefed,
you're now fully briefed,
so let's get on and meet our
next potential fooler.
Next potential fooler.
>> Etienne pradier.
>> My name is etienne pradier.
I'm a French guy living
in england for about 20 years.
In england for about 20 years.
A lot of people
a lot of people
think I came for the food.
Think I came for the food.
Maybe, maybe not.
I'm not really sure.
I've been a professional
magician for over 15 years.
Magician for over 15 years.
My magic is more close-up magic.
I'm married, I got two kids.
One is two years old,
one is two years old,
and one is ten.
And one is ten.
They do also tricks to me,
they do also tricks to me,
make my money disappear
every month.
Every month.
>> What you're about to witness
>> what you're about to witness
could be the most amazing trick
a frenchman has done
since president sarkozy
got Carla Bruni to say yes.
Got Carla Bruni to say yes.
Will you please welcome
will you please welcome
monsieur etienne pradier?
>> Thank you.
I need two people to help me,
and I
think the best person to be,
that would be penn and teller.
That would be penn and teller.
Guys, please. Penn and teller.
Please.
So a couple of tricks.
First of all, so
first of all, so
I have to be very honest.
This is a normal pack
this is a normal pack
of cards, 79 cards,
and I'm going to ask
you to look at one card.
You to look at one card.
You have to remember the card,
you have to remember the card,
whatever card you want.
Whatever card you want.
So please look at any card
so please look at any card
you wish.
You wish.
You got it?
>> Yes.
>> You want to change your mind?
>> Okay.
>> Got it?
>> Yep.
>> I want you
to write this card, sir,
on this piece of paper.
On this piece of paper.
>> Okay.
>> So please,
>> so please,
very clearly inside the square.
Very clearly inside the square.
And when you've done it, close
and when you've done it, close
it, and just place it face up.
It, and just place it face up.
I'll let you do that, and,
sir, would you take one card,
any card you wish, doesn't
matter which card you want.
Matter which card you want.
>> Should I close it up here?
>> Right, you close it,
>> right, you close it,
you put a sticker,
and put it face down.
And put it face down.
>> Okay, so the audience
>> okay, so the audience
has not seen this.
Has not seen this.
>> You're not--you're
>> you're not--you're
only person to see the card.
Only person to see the card.
To make sure I don't touch it,
to make sure I don't touch it,
I'm going
to place all the cards on top.
To place all the cards on top.
I will give you also
a little present.
A little present.
Watch.
A can of English wine.
[Laughs]
I will leave that as well,
and also my mobile phone,
so, like--
I can't see the card, sir.
And, sir, if you don't mind,
and, sir, if you don't mind,
just sign your name
on the face of the card, please,
on the face because you
can as well.
Can as well.
I will take your cards.
I'll take your cards.
Thank you, sir.
The card of terror.
I'm a big fan of you, sir.
So I'm going to keep this card.
Also, I'm going
also, I'm going
to give you my card,
business card if one day,
you want to call and talk to me.
You want to call and talk to me.
Maybe not.
That's my card. Thank you. Okay.
Because I don't know
about your card, sir,
could you remove the phone
and a bottle of wine?
And a bottle of wine?
I just want to take the cards,
the pack of cards, and can
you replace with both--
the can on top.
The can on top.
>> Oh, sorry.
>> Okay, and the telephone,
>> okay, and the telephone,
if you want to.
If you want to.
>> I want to badly.
>> Okay, fine.
The cards.
Remember the cards.
Right on top.
Keep it nice in my hand.
I will shuffle the cards as best
as I can.
As I can.
Okay,
okay,
I'll place it under my watch.
Keep it nice on the kings,
keep it nice on the kings,
and watch my hand.
And watch my hand.
Very slowly.
The seven.
Remember your card, sir.
I'm going to open up because
in the sealer--
remember, this is sealed
from here, sealed from here,
I'm going to open it up,
and inside here
should be a bottle.
Should be a bottle.
But not only bottle.
One card inside,
one card inside,
the seven of spade.
The seven of spade.
Of course, you
of course, you
can't see your name,
but I promise you it is inside.
But I promise you it is inside.
The name should be
the name should be
inside of a bottle.
Yeah.
It would be kind of nice
it would be kind of nice
if I could get your card, sir,
so I will try one more thing.
By the way,
I don't need to snap my fingers.
[Laughs] Show business.
There is only one
there is only one
card facedown.
Card facedown.
I do not want
to touch your card, sir.
To touch your card, sir.
Could you open your prediction?
Open it up.
I haven't seen it.
It was there all the time.
I haven't looked at it.
>> The card I selected was
>> the card I selected was
the four of clubs.
The four of clubs.
>> Please turn it over,
>> please turn it over,
and it is the four of clubs.
>> Come over here with me, and
give the men a chance to talk.
Give the men a chance to talk.
That was--
that was--
wasn't that incredible,
ladies and gentlemen?
Ladies and gentlemen?
That really was.
I always get the feeling that
the people doing close-up
stuff in front
of penn and teller, that must be
the hardest because unlike us,
they know where to look.
They know where to look.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, they're looking
>> you know, they're looking
because they've done this kind
of thing themselves, perhaps.
Of thing themselves, perhaps.
Did you catch teller or
did you catch teller or
penn looking somewhere where
normally someone wouldn't look?
Normally someone wouldn't look?
>> Of course they do.
Of course they do--I mean,
of course they do--I mean,
they're the true professionals,
so they look at something else.
So they look at something else.
I was aware of that.
There is a type of concept
there is a type of concept
maybe they don't know.
Maybe they don't know.
Maybe they do.
>> I think they've had long
enough, ladies and gentlemen.
Enough, ladies and gentlemen.
The whole point is to give
the whole point is to give
etienne a fair chance at--
so we're gonna move in here,
and I'm gonna say, fellas,
you've had long enough, I feel.
You've had long enough, I feel.
It was super impressive.
>> We don't know exactly how you
>> we don't know exactly how you
did that final prediction--
>> right.
>> Right.
>> Right there.
We followed you on most of it.
We don't know exactly--
we don't know exactly--
>> this is--
>> how you--
>> it was based on this effect.
>> It was based on this effect.
[Indistinct]
>> It was--yeah.
Well, yeah.
>> That's all it was.
>> So that's the effect.
>> That's the one.
>> That's what we're
>> that's what we're
basing the trip to Vegas on.
Basing the trip to Vegas on.
Did you get Vegas or not?
>> That one effect.
We have two ways--
we have two ways--
>> two ways.
>> Two ways.
>> That you could have done
>> that you could have done
that.
That.
>> Two ways.
>> And we're only gonna
>> and we're only gonna
go with one.
Go with one.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> I'm just gonna tell
you that we know two--
>> right.
>> Right.
>> And we're gonna pick one,
>> and we're gonna pick one,
and you could have
been using pencil reading.
Been using pencil reading.
If you were
if you were
using pencil reading,
then I'm a really good one for
that because I write really big.
That because I write really big.
You told me to write
you told me to write
big and write clear,
and you could have read
the pencil,
and then getting it turned over
in the deck after that
is pretty simple
with a stack, or--
>> there's no stack at all.
>> There's no stack at all.
No stack.
>> I'm gonna push you right now.
You've got one chance
you've got one chance
to tell me this other way,
unless you were making it up.
Unless you were making it up.
They said they had two.
Maybe they only had one.
Let's find out.
>> No, no.
I'm gonna tell you something
right now, Jonathan Ross.
Right now, Jonathan Ross.
>> Yes, penn.
>> The other one we had--
>> the other one we had--
>> has disappeared.
>> Has disappeared.
>> Was a stack,
>> was a stack,
and he instantly said--
>> it's not a stack. No stack.
>> It's not a stack. No stack.
>> There was no stack.
>> So that means I need
>> so that means I need
to hear it from you, penn.
To hear it from you, penn.
>> No, no, no, no.
We have to go
we have to go
with pencil reading,
and if he says no honestly on...
And if he says no honestly on...
>> It's not.
>> Pencil reading, then, sir,
>> pencil reading, then, sir,
you are going
to Las Vegas because, sir,
you fooled us.
You fooled us.
>> He fooled them.
Ladies and gentlemen,
ladies and gentlemen,
he's going to Vegas.
He's going to Vegas.
Mr. etienne pradier.
That was quite something,
wasn't it?
Wasn't it?
After the break, penn and teller
after the break, penn and teller
will perform
for the night right here.
For the night right here.
I cannot wait. Don't go away.
>> Okay, now, I said going
to the break that you
won't believe this next trick,
and there's nothing much more
to add.
To add.
Will you please welcome
will you please welcome
the fabulous penn and teller?
>> You've seen wonderful people
do magic tricks,
you've seen them do illusions,
but we do exclusively
God-given miracles.
Teller was blessed by God
teller was blessed by God
with the ability to mend
polyester with his mind.
Polyester with his mind.
Now, you're all about to have
now, you're all about to have
a damascus experience.
A damascus experience.
You're all about
you're all about
to witness the burning bush.
To witness the burning bush.
We need one person to become
we need one person to become
a disciple right up here
onstage, someone
who is not filled with dogma,
someone who does not yet belong
to a church.
To a church.
We are looking for a child.
Is there a real proper child
is there a real proper child
in the audience, like, you know,
9, 10, 11 years old,
someone like that?
Someone like that?
Yeah, don't force the child
yeah, don't force the child
to put his hand up.
To put his hand up.
We're not that church.
How about--
could the--with the glasses,
with the glasses there.
With the glasses there.
How old are you?
>> Nine.
>> Nine--yeah, we can fool
>> nine--yeah, we can fool
a nine-year-old, can't we?
A nine-year-old, can't we?
Come on, move.
Come on, get up here.
Come on, move. Move.
[Cheers and applause]
You're nine.
We have here perfectly
we have here perfectly
ordinary polyester like some
of you embarrassingly
enough have on your own person.
Enough have on your own person.
I want you to come over here.
What's your name?
>> Brandon.
Now, Brandon, I've got here
now, Brandon, I've got here
a pair of scissors,
and, Brandon, I say unto you,
I tear the polyester asunder.
Now, it's cut in two pieces
now, it's cut in two pieces
of approximately equal size,
Brandon.
Take one end of that,
take one end of that,
would you, please?
Would you, please?
And walk to the--hold on tight.
Don't let go no matter what,
don't let go no matter what,
and walk to the other side
of teller, about the same
distance from teller
as I am so that teller
is right in the middle.
Is right in the middle.
Perfect, Brandon.
Now, Brandon, you saw
now, Brandon, you saw
that polyester cut, didn't you?
That polyester cut, didn't you?
>> Yeah.
>> You saw it cut.
Now teller's gonna mend that
now teller's gonna mend that
polyester using the secular
humanist method of the knot.
Humanist method of the knot.
Now, that's where
now, that's where
you need objectiveness.
You need objectiveness.
A materialist such as
a materialist such as
myself would do it, but
I want you to watch, Brandon,
as teller goes a step further.
As teller goes a step further.
Teller is snipping
teller is snipping
off the bunny ears.
Off the bunny ears.
Now, Brandon,
now, Brandon,
that change is merely cosmetic.
That change is merely cosmetic.
There is still a knot there
there is still a knot there
making a mockery of all that
is held holy in the world,
but you watch
as teller's therapeutic touch
just melts that knot right away.
Just melts that knot right away.
Can someone say, "amen"?
Go ahead. Say it! Hallelujah!
Can I get a witness?
Now, Brandon, since
you are right up here
onstage breathing down
the neck of the new messiah,
did that seem to you to be
a miracle or a magic trick?
A miracle or a magic trick?
>> A magic trick.
Oh, too bad.
We picked
we picked
a state school student.
A state school student.
That's okay, Brandon.
You've got one end
you've got one end
of the polyester,
I've got the other end.
Stare at teller's hands,
stare at teller's hands,
stare at his hands, burn them!
Stare at his hands, burn them!
Burn them! Stare at them!
Stare at them! Burn them!
Don't be misdirected,
don't be misdirected,
and explain that, you skeptical
little freak.
What you're watching right now
is our newest friend Brandon
is having an epiphany up here
onstage,
and he has decided to dedicate
his young life to preaching
the gospel of teller.
The gospel of teller.
But, Brandon, as you travel
but, Brandon, as you travel
the world bringing
this good news to modern man,
you will encounter some skeptics
with hardened hearts,
such as your own was,
and you'll have
to demonstrate this to them.
To demonstrate this to them.
So teller has now given you
so teller has now given you
the power of the polyester.
The power of the polyester.
You know what that means,
you know what that means,
Brandon?
>> No.
>> It means have dominion over
>> it means have dominion over
all synthetic fabrics.
All synthetic fabrics.
Brandon, walk to the center
of the polyester.
Of the polyester.
Walk to the center, and
walk to the center, and
just grab a hunk there, Brandon.
Just grab a hunk there, Brandon.
Grab a hunk.
Just grab--now, Brandon,
just grab--now, Brandon,
you found the center
of the polyester.
Of the polyester.
Now, Brandon,
now, Brandon,
you take the scissors, Brandon.
You take the scissors, Brandon.
Take the scissors.
>> Okay.
>> And you are going
>> and you are going
to run with the scissors!
To run with the scissors!
Run with the scissors!
No, no, no, just--just joking.
I was just testing your faith,
Brandon, testing your faith.
Cut the polyester, Brandon.
Cut the polyester.
Now, Brandon, you
now, Brandon, you
found the place in the center.
Found the place in the center.
You cut the polyester.
Teller's now tying a knot,
teller's now tying a knot,
and you get the highest honor
that a layperson can have
in the church of teller.
In the church of teller.
You get to snip off
you get to snip off
the sacred bunny ears.
The sacred bunny ears.
Snip them off there, Brandon.
No, no. Yeah.
Close, yeah, there.
Watch his fingertips.
That's my meal ticket you're
that's my meal ticket you're
monkeying with there, Brandon.
Monkeying with there, Brandon.
Now, Brandon,
now, Brandon,
there's still a knot there.
There's still a knot there.
Now hold your hands
now hold your hands
in the classic praying position,
Brandon.
You don't even know that,
you don't even know that,
do you, right?
Do you, right?
>> No.
>> You just go like this.
Yeah, just right around
yeah, just right around
the knot, right around the knot.
The knot, right around the knot.
Put your hands right around
put your hands right around
the knot.
The knot.
Let me ask you something,
let me ask you something,
Brandon.
Do you believe in teller?
>> Yeah.
>> Do you believe in teller?
>> Yes.
>> Yes!
>> Then let him work through
>> then let him work through
you, Brandon.
You, Brandon.
Let me work through you.
Someone say, "amen."
Now you say, "hallelujah!"
Shut up, shut up, shut up.
You are tempting Brandon
you are tempting Brandon
with the sin of pride.
With the sin of pride.
Look straight ahead, Brandon.
Put your arms by your side.
We're gonna test you.
Do you feel that synthetic,
do you feel that synthetic,
petroleum-based,
high-thinsulate fabric
going right around your young
and not quite fully formed
trachea?
Trachea?
Do you feel that, Brandon?
>> Yeah.
>> Because we're gonna test you,
>> because we're gonna test you,
and if your faith
in teller is perfect, you
will travel the world preaching
the gospel of teller becoming
a man of the synthetic cloth.
A man of the synthetic cloth.
But if for one moment
but if for one moment
your faith wavers,
God will smite you.
Do you believe in teller?
>> Yeah.
>> Do you believe in teller?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Yes!
>> Then go forth, Brandon,
>> then go forth, Brandon,
and sin no more.
And sin no more.
Take that with you, Brandon.
>> Okay.
>> And Saint Brandon,
>> and Saint Brandon,
the patron Saint of all
synthetic fabric.
Synthetic fabric.
Saint Brandon.
>> Ladies and gentlemen,
penn and teller and Brandon.
Penn and teller and Brandon.
How's that?
>> Jonathan Ross.
>> Nice job.
I believe in teller.
I believe in penn.
I believe in Brandon.
That was great work,
that was great work,
and by the way, if
they ever remake  Jerry Maguire,
you've got the job.
You've got the job.
Ladies and gentlemen,
ladies and gentlemen,
the magical penn and teller.
The magical penn and teller.
[Cheers and applause]
We'll see you next time
we'll see you next time
as we try to fool them again
here on  fool us.
Here on  fool us.
Good night, everybody.